# Zhou_portfolio
This is my portfolio for Advanced GIS course

# About me
I’m currently a second year sustainable design master student in CMU with a dual degree in urban design. I graduated with a bachelor degree in landscape architecture in 2020 and I am trying to expand my knowledge on urban scale projects, public and private ownership, decision making process and multidisciplinary collaboration. During the first year in the urban design, I’m exposed to design with community engagement and understand the relationships between stakeholders and different agencies. After a year of experience in CMU, I found the topic of sustainability and UNSDG goals are frequently mentioned, which infiltrates into the building performance design. CMU has a lot of research projects on building diagnosis so I applied for a dual degree in sustainable design which focuses on building science and energy performance using modeling and simulation tools, and thus moving a bit more towards the engineering side. I’ll graduate this summer in 2023 so I want to become a sustainable analyst for my future career.

# What I hope to learn
I expect to learn some arcgis online skills in integration with my sustainable design thesis on the topic of autonomous vehiecles under human-car confluence: instead of driving, humans are monitoring and controlling the cars to make its decision. Since most of current research are based in the urban context catering the commuters, linking AVs with shared rides.and door to door service. Problems on what might happen in the suburban area including social problems of control and supervisory jobs and job loss of drivers still remains unsolved. Moreover, there is a gap between AV implementation as a system and existing infrastructure as people, policy, and cityscapes will interact with this new technology by examining the social concerns and perferences for autonomous vehicles. 
To situate my sustainability interest in AV systems, I will explore the tensions between existing public infrastructure and AV systems from multiple scales: regional scales with a focus on efficiency, neighborhood scale on equity and street scale on safety. From the regional scale, the challenge is how AV systems can be integrated into regional traffic systems from the planning perspective so that people travel more efficiently with expanding shared service; from the neighborhood scale, the focus is on the connection at nodes, nexus and crossings when multiple modes of transportation come together and explore the redevelopment opportunities with expanding mobility access for low-income communities; from the streetscape scale, street-level infrastructure in integration with AV contributes to the road safety by separating rights of way and proper signage, which can be tested and validated from the perspective of pedestrains and bikers. 
I think the web-based cartography and data visualization section of this class can help me curate the regional and neighborhood scale mapping of the problems and the gap. Also I'm looking forward to see how machine learning model can function behind ArcGIS and generate scenarios for design.

# Portfolio
Placeholder for now
